Improve readme and add build and troubleshooting guide (#1)
osquery/osquery-toolchain: README.md

# osquery-toolchain
The script in this repository is used to build the LLVM/Clang toolchain which is used in the osquery project to create portable binaries of it.  
The procedure to build such a toolchain has been based on the build-anywhere project: https://github.com/theopolis/build-anywhere

Following the main goals of the toolchain:
- Obtain a LLVM/Clang toolchain which is portable and which doesn't depend from libstdc++ or libgcc.

> - The toolchain is compiled against an old glibc version, so that it runs on older distro.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The toolchain is compiled with a specific glibc version, so that it is runs on a wide range of distributions.
```

- The toolchain lives in a sysroot folder which should be self sufficient.
- The toolchain should be able to produce binaries that are portable and run on libc >= 2.12.
  To do so, the output binary should depend only on shared libraries which are deeply connected with the environment they run on,

>   tipically libc, libdl, librt, libpthread.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  typically libc, libdl, librt, libpthread.
```
